So, my love
Forgive me if I wasn’t what you wanted
My mistake was not to value you and let you go
And now I feel as if it’s an eclipse
So, my love
Forgive me if I wasn’t what you wanted
My mistake was not to value you and let you go
And now I feel as if it’s an eclipse
For someone who got in between you and me
For someone who got in between…
It’s twelve at night and I don’t know
How long it will take to see you again
I know what you want, babe
I don’t want to piss you off
You have me spinning like a satellite
You don’t even realize if I speak to you
She is bad as Hell
And if she’s upset
Instead of calling me Love she calls me Mauro
If you want the forbidden fruit
Tell me when you want
We repeat Adam y  Eva’s like Paulo
It’s better to be alone than in bad company
And sleep alone on the other bed
Weeks without having you by my side
Put me out of orbit but
It’s better to be alone than in bad company
And sleep alone on the other bed
Weeks without having you by my side
Put me out of orbit
So, my love
Forgive me if I wasn’t what you wanted
My mistake was not to value you and let you go
And now I feel as if it’s an eclipse
For someone who got in between you and me
Half of my world darkened because you’re not there
But I still have the other half
that I didn’t give to you
My mind blew off
You were near but I didn´t see you
So many steps that I understood that…
It’s better to be alone than in bad company
And sleep alone on the other bed
Weeks without having you by my side
Put me out of orbit but...
It’s better to be alone than in bad company
Weeks without having you by my side
Put me out of orbit
So, my love
Forgive me if I wasn’t what you wanted
My mistake was not to value you and let you go
And now I feel as if it’s an eclipse
For someone who got in between you and me